This video going to show you how to customize the your eye properties.
So this is part of the configuration for spring rust stocks and in our generated snippets let's go take
a quick look at what we are building so let's take a look at the curl request and you can see here this
is generating a sheet DP local host 80 80 and let's say I have a use case where I have a development
server and I want these commands to go against that development server.
I'm going to show you how to set that up right now.
And if I come over here and take a look at the auto configure rust docks the sanitation actually has
so properties that we can set so we can change the output or I'm going to leave that for the default
right now but the yard scheme host import we can change that we can update that.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So I'm going to come in here and set the so the yeara scheme so the default goes to EDP.
So I want to do change that age to us then the host start a local host.
Let's say I'm hosting this at my site and I do a so domain dubbed spring framework that guru.
So let's say that I'm having the API at development subdomain on my site and now I can say port your
iReport.
We can set that to 80 like so now let's go ahead and do a clean on those.
Now we can do a package
and then the package will go ahead and regenerate the docks.
And once this completes we'll go in and take a quick look and verify that these are updated properly.
So it should be building pretty quick here.
Let's go into the target directory again.
And these are going to be under generated snippets you want beer and I'll just take a look at the curl
request again and now we can see that it is a sheet DP us and then dove spring framework and that guru
and the Cohen is the port and then there's the you are all for the API.
So this does set things up customized for us so we can see that this is should be carried out throughout
the documentation so you can see that this is doing a get.
Then there's the host.
So you can't see if that's going to be HDB s it doesn't seem to be showing here is as far as HDP.
But the GDP pie.
I think it's out said this is a different flavor of kernel if I remember correctly.
So you see that this does get carried throughout the documentation.
So again just to recap if you need to customize your hostname on the documentation that you're producing
this auto configure rest docs will take in the YA scheme the host and port and you can also customize
this output directory and I don't see a need to change that from the default at this point but this
is pretty common to set to adjust the hostname that you documentation is going to be referencing.